Update tabs accessibility.mdx (#3661)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/tabs/accessibility.mdx

<PageDescription>

Design annotations are needed for specific instances shown below, but for the
standard tabs component, also called a tablist, Carbon already incorporates
accessibility.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>
  <AnchorLink>What Carbon provides</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Design recommendations</AnchorLink>
  <AnchorLink>Development considerations</AnchorLink>
</AnchorLinks>

## What Carbon provides

Carbon bakes keyboard operation into its components, improving the experience of
blind users and others who operate via the keyboard. Carbon incorporates many
other accessibility considerations, some of which are described below.

### Keyboard interactions

Tabs take at least two tabstops, one for the tablist, one for the tabpanel.
Tabbing away from the tablist, focus will either go to the first operable
element in the tabpanel or, where there are no operable elements, the entire
tabpanel will take focus to support scrolling of its content.

<DoDontRow>

>   <DoDont type="do" caption="The tablist takes a single tabstop with focus then moving to the first item in the tabpanel.">

Author: This whole caption is wacky! I'll rewrite shortly

>   <DoDont type="do" caption="The tablist takes a single tabstop with focus then moving to the first item in the tabpanel.">

Reviewer: Cool!

>   <DoDont type="do" caption="The tablist takes a single tabstop with focus then moving to the first item in the tabpanel.">

Author: ```suggestion
  <DoDont type="do" caption="The tablist takes a single tabstop then focus moves to the first item in the tabpanel.">
```

where necessary scrolls the tablist to keep the selected item visible. For mouse
users, clickable arrows appear at the end of the tablist to provide the same
scrolling, but these are not needed for keyboard users and they are not in the
focus order.

<Row>

<Column colLg={8}>

![An image pair showing two views of the same tablist of 6 items. The user navigates between tab with left and right arrow keys. If the user presses the left arrow on the first item, the focus wraps around to item 6. Likewise arrowing right from tab item 6 moves to the first tab](images/tab-accessibility-4.png)

<Caption>
  Arrows keys move between tabs in the tablist (including wrapping from last
  back to first). The tablist display scrolls automatically to keep the focused
  tab visible.
</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

Automatic and manual tablists differ in how the tab items are activated. The
following illustration shows what will happen for each variant when a right
arrow key is pressed with the Overview tab selected and focused.

For automatic tablists, focus and selection are synchronized. When the user
arrows to a tab, it is selected and the tabpanel under the tab is updated in

> real time.

Author: This isn't used adjectivally, so it doesn't need the hyphen https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#r

Manual tablists allow the user to arrow between the tab items without updating
the tabpanel underneath. When the user right arrows, the Overview tab remains
selected while focus moves to the Details tab. In order to select the Details
tab (and update the tabpanel under the tab) the user would press `Enter` or
`Space`.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Automatic and manual versions of a tablist with tabs called Overview, Details, and Support. In the first, the Details tab is selected and focused. In the second the Overview tab is still selected and the Details tab has a focus indicator](images/tab-accessibility-2.png)

<Caption>

>   After pressing the `Right Arrow` key, the second tab is selected in an

Author: @laurenmrice What we could do is make an image pair, and split the caption between the two. You may recall that I suggested putting content in the tabpanel for these. That would give us an ability to have a bit more content in each image (which makes sense, I think)

>   After pressing the `Right Arrow` key, the second tab is selected in an

Reviewer: I split them out into two different images in the [image box folder ](https://ibm.ent.box.com/folder/222928628477)^

>   After pressing the `Right Arrow` key, the second tab is selected in an

Author: Further to my comment on this pair including a tabpanel, I think the important thing is to including the shading that makes it clear which tabpanel is revealed. here's a snippet of what you have in the first image pair 
![image](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/assets/14298245/ce634149-8632-404f-8303-a7319d0876a7)
If you imagine combining that with the current image, so that we'd see that the first tab is called Overview and the second Details and then the focus is on  Details while the Overview tab is still selected, I think that would be helpful. I definitely think it would work better as a set of contained tabs, as opposed to Line
![image](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/assets/14298245/53c1ab6b-24d3-41bb-9976-b359c8d0e964)
